# network-script-data wiki

| [Previous](https://github.com/AuroraInteractive/network-script-data) | 1. Getting Started | [Next](./2.setting-up-git.md) |
|:--------:|:------------------:|:----:|

## Getting Started on Contributing to Adriftus' Network Repository

Do you work as an Adriftus staff member? Or, are you an external developer looking to propose improvements? If you are any of the above, then this _Getting Started_ guide will introduce you to pushing changes to our network.

This guide will teach you the _very_ basics of how to contribute to our repository, as well as using Git itself. If you already know how to contribute changes on the GitHub platform, you can read our documentation on the systems we have in this repository.

### Adriftus Staff Team

If your team works with data that goes through many versions/iterations (e.g., Denizen scripts, resource packs, schematics, etc.), we advise you to clone this Git repository under your respective team's leader.

Developers, you will fork [`BehrRiley/network-script-data`](https://github.com/BehrRiley/network-script-data). All script additions/updates *must* go through the lead developer before being pushed to the development/production repository.

Artists and Modellers will fork a private repository belonging to the organization.

### External Developers

If you are an external developer wanting to contribute to this repository, you must fork [`BehrRiley/network-script-data`](https://github.com/BehrRiley/network-script-data).

All Pull Requests (PR) to the above repository will be reviewed by the lead developer.

| This guide was originally written by [`ChrispyMC (Kyu#5957)`](https://github.com/ChrispyMC). |
|:----:|
